Clarify errors in bench script specification (#313)
IPDSnelting/velcom: docs/bench_repo_specification.md

./bench ../my_little_compiler/
```

| Return code | Explanation            |
|-------------|------------------------|
| 0           | No error               |
| 1           | Internal script error  |
| 2           | Incorrect script usage |

The script should output its results on `stdout`.
The result is encoded in JSON.

> Output to `stderr` is shown only while benchmarking (streamed to the task-detail page) and in case of an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Output to `stderr` is shown only while benchmarking (streamed to the task-detail page) and in case of a *benchmark script panic* (see below).
```

or some such

### Output format

Executing the `bench` script isn't always successful and VelCom groups the
errors into two categories:
- `bench` script panics, which indicate that the benchmark script itself
  crashed (i.e. the author of the benchmark repo needs to fix a bug).  
  Example: The `bench` script suffered a segmentation fault.
- errors of the benchmarked program, which indicate that the `bench` script
  worked correctly, but the revision it tested had a critical problem (i.e. the
  program under test has a problem and needs to be fixed).  
  Example: The program under test fails to compile and therefore the bench
  `script` can not test it.

Benchmark script panics are indicated by a non-zero exit code of the `bench`
script. If this happens, VelCom tries to provide as much information as it can
in the UI, including the full `stdout`, `stderr`, information about the
execution environment and maybe a potential cause for the error. Panics always
take precedence over errors of the benchmarked program: If the `bench` script
exits with a non-zero exit code, it is *always* treated as a benchmark script
panic.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe move `### Output format` here and instead use a different heading for the preceding section, e.g. `### Failure modes`?
